Add Missing Features chapter to README (#534)
codeplaysoftware/portBLAS: doc/MissingFeatures.md

## Missing Features

> The following is a list of all the features we plan to implement to provide the best and broadest BLAS support possible.
> The order does not imply any priority, so feel free to work on the one you prefer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following is a list of features missing to match the support from [oneAPI oneMKL BLAS](https://oneapi-spec.uxlfoundation.org/specifications/oneapi/latest/elements/onemkl/source/domains/blas/blas).
The order does not imply any priority.
```
This is a bit more conservative.

- Implement [gemmt](https://oneapi-spec.uxlfoundation.org/specifications/oneapi/latest/elements/onemkl/source/domains/blas/gemmt.html#onemkl-blas-gemmt) extension operator
- Implement [imatcopy](https://oneapi-spec.uxlfoundation.org/specifications/oneapi/latest/elements/onemkl/source/domains/blas/imatcopy#onemkl-blas-imatcopy) extension operator
- Implement [imatcopy_batch](https://oneapi-spec.uxlfoundation.org/specifications/oneapi/latest/elements/onemkl/source/domains/blas/imatcopy_batch#onemkl-blas-imatcopy-batch) extension operator
- Implement [gemm_bias](https://oneapi-spec.uxlfoundation.org/specifications/oneapi/latest/elements/onemkl/source/domains/blas/gemm_bias.html#onemkl-blas-gemm-bias) extension operator
- Add different input types support to [gemm](https://oneapi-spec.uxlfoundation.org/specifications/oneapi/latest/elements/onemkl/source/domains/blas/gemm#onemkl-blas-gemm)/[gemm_batch](https://oneapi-spec.uxlfoundation.org/specifications/oneapi/latest/elements/onemkl/source/domains/blas/gemm_batch#onemkl-blas-gemm-batch). 
- Add half support to level-1 operators that required it. (dot, nrm2, rot)

> - Add bfloat16 support to level-1 operators that required it. (axpy, copy, dot, nrm2, rot, scal)

Reviewer: I think we can add an item about supporting operations with scalar values placed on the device.

Author: yes, that is something we need to follow the specs. I'll make one bullet point for operator level and a list of operators that need it.

Author: Addressed in [d75653c](https://github.com/codeplaysoftware/portBLAS/pull/534/commits/d75653c6f4ade5587ee593495fb2ea318f185d31)

## Missing Features

> The following is a list of features missing to match the support from [oneAPI oneMKL BLAS](https://oneapi-spec.uxlfoundation.org/specifications/oneapi/latest/elements/onemkl/source/domains/blas/blas).
> The order does not imply any priority.
> 
> For questions regarding input types or operators support, please refer to this [documentation](https://oneapi-spec.uxlfoundation.org/specifications/oneapi/latest/elements/onemkl/source/domains/blas/blas)

Reviewer 2: Maybe, it is possible to remove the duplicate link and compact everything in a single paragraph.
 
```suggestion
The following is a list of missing features for supporting entirely the oneAPI oneMKL BLAS interface. Their order does not reflect any kind of priority. Please, refer to this [link](https://oneapi-spec.uxlfoundation.org/specifications/oneapi/latest/elements/onemkl/source/domains/blas/blas) for details regarding input types or operators support.
```

Author: I agree on the possibility of removing the double link, since it is the same, but I like having `the order does not imply any priority` standing out a little bit more. Maybe we can rephrase it as:
```suggestion
The following is a list of features missing in portBLAS for supporting entirely the [oneAPI oneMKL BLAS interface](https://oneapi-spec.uxlfoundation.org/specifications/oneapi/latest/elements/onemkl/source/domains/blas/blas).
The order does not reflect any kind of priority.

For questions regarding input types or operators support, please refer to this the link above.
```
How do you see it in this way?

Reviewer 2: Sure, fine.

- Add row-major support to level-1 operators
- Add row-major support to level-2 operators
- Add row-major support to level-3 operators

> - Add complex support to level-1 operators that required it.(asum, axpy, copy, nrm2, rot, rotg, scal, swap, iamax,iamin)

Reviewer 2: Thanks for your patch, @s-Nick.

```suggestion
- Add complex support to level-1 operators that required it: asum, axpy, copy, nrm2, rot, rotg, scal, swap, iamax, iamin.
```

Author: Thank you for your feedback @pgorlani , I addressed them in [8556c2a](https://github.com/codeplaysoftware/portBLAS/pull/534/commits/8556c2a2b404fc6222fb8f9752f397fd5e212691)
